Mix lightweight component container (#3)
JohanWork/examples: pipelines/ligtheweight-component-and-container-operations/README.md

# Pipeline combining ligthweight and container operations

> This notebook shows how to compile and run a Kubeflow pipeline using Jupyter notebooks combining python (ligthweight components)[https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/pipelines/sdk/lightweight-python-components/] and (container operation)[https://kubeflow-pipelines.readthedocs.io/en/latest/source/kfp.dsl.html#kfp.dsl.ContainerOp].

Reviewer: Similar update here: 
```suggestion
This notebook shows how to compile and run a Kubeflow pipeline using Jupyter notebooks combining python (ligthweight components)[https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/pipelines/sdk/lightweight-python-components/] and (reusable components)[https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/pipelines/sdk/component-development/].
```
